# Conspire-Inspired

[Conspire](https://www.goconspire.com/welcome) is an incredibly cool app.  It scans your inbox, 
and allows you to see the various ways in which you are connected to other people based on your
email history and the history of other people who also use Conspire.

The goal of this exercise is to create an algorithm inspired by Conspire.  Your mission, should you 
choose to accept it, is to figure out the relationships between people, purely based on their emails.  

Your code should be able to:

* take an email address
* read through all of the emails in a given directory
* return data about each person the given email address has interacted with

## Challenges

Imagine two people: Sue and Joe.

**Find Current Friends**

We would say Sue is Joe's current friend if:

* Sue has sent 3 or more emails to Joe (ever)
* Joe has replied to 2 out of the last 3 emails
* The last email is within 2 weeks of today

We would also say the inverse is true.  So if Sue has sent 3 emails, Joe replied to at least 2 of the last 3
and the latest was within the last 2 weeks, Sue would be his current friend.

**Find Old Friends**

We would say Sue is Joe's old friend if:

* Sue has sent 3 or more emails to Joe (ever)
* Joe replied to 2 out of every 3 emails
* The last email between them is later than 2 weeks ago

And the inverse would be true as well.

## Example

Your code should look something like this:

```
SomeClass.new('data').relationships('joe@example.com')
```

and should return a result like this:

```
{
  "alice@example.com" => "Current Friend",
  "ephram@example.com" => "Old Friend",
  "phillis@example.com" => "Old Friend",
}
```

## Checking your work

When you run your code against the files generated by `rake generate`, you should get the following:

* alice@example.com and ephram@example.com are current friends
* inez@example.com and joe@example.com are current friends
* bob@example.com and hillary@example.com are old friends
* cecelia@example.com and fatima@example.com are old friends

## Generating test data

* `rake generate` to generate sample data in the `data` directory
* See `Rakefile` for examples of how to create Mail objects (useful for specs)

# Setup

* Fork
* Clone
* Turn on TravisCI for the fork by
  visiting https://travis-ci.org/profile/<github user name>, clicking the "Sync now" button
  and scrolling down to find the repository to build.
* Create a new branch for your work using `git checkout -b v1`
* Implement specs and code
* Push using `git push -u origin v1`

## Further Practice

This warmup can be completed multiple times to increase your comfort level with the material.
To work on this from scratch, you can:

1. Add an upstream remote that points to the original repo `git remote add upstream git@github.com:gSchool/THIS-REPO.git`
1. Fetch the latest from the upstream remote using `git fetch upstream`
1. Create a new branch from the master branch of the upstream remote `git checkout -b v2 upstream/master`
1. Implement specs and code
1. Push using `git push -u origin v2`

Each time you do the exercise, create a new branch. For example the 3rd time you do the exercise the branch
name will be v3 instead of v2.
